= This version has been decommissioned in favor of this[https://github.com/netfeed/coxify] version

= imglog

imglog is a image logging site for IRC-channels. Direct linked images is pulled down with help from a Cinch[http://www.cinchrb.org] IRC-bot. See cinch-imglog for examples on how to run the bot.

A running example can be found at http://www.coxify.com

== Requirements

* Ruby >= 1.9.1
* Some sort of SQL-server that Sequel[https://github.com/jeremyevans/sequel] can talk to. imglog is tested with PostgreSQL and Sqlite3
* The default webserver[http://unicorn.bogomips.org/] is unicorn through nginx

imglog + bot runs fine on a slice with 512 mb ram.

== Installation

I would suggest that you run the code inside rvm, but that's up to the you.

Check out the code with:

  git clone git://github.com/netfeed/imglog.git
  
Then in the new dir run:

  bundle install --without development
  
Note: Production installs by the 'pg' gem for PostgreSQL by default and development installs the 'sqlite3' gem.

After that run either, depending on database, should work with whatever Sequel supports:

  sequel -m migration/ sqlite://db.db
  sequel -m migration/ postgres://username:password@host/database

After that you'll need to at least add a network(inside the database UI):

  INSERT INTO networks(name, slug, address, port) VALUES ('freenode', 'freenode', 'irc.freenode.net', 6667);

Edit the default config files. Note: the path to the database should be as explicit as possible, ie:

  database: sqlite:///home/user/path/to/db.db
  database: postgres://username:password@host/database
  
Also, make sure to use the same handshake in both the bot and in the site.

If you want to get the site to be index by Google et al. then you'll have to change the settings in public/robots.txt, it's turned off by default.

When that's done:

  unicorn -c unicorn.rb -E production  -l 127.0.0.1:5001 -D
  
And then start nginx, see examples/nginx.conf for example config file.

== Notice

Neither the creators of ImgLog nor Cinch takes any responsibility about how this plugin/site is used.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Victor Bergöö. See LICENSE for details.
